three cylinders upside down the revolution
it is called nembo 32 this bike that to the
moment is still a few prototype
motorcycling has tried a preview
world advances solutions
interesting and innovative mechanics
engines first named super 32
reverse it is a three-cylinder of
nearly 2,000 cc air-cooled and with
single-shaft distribution on head la
peculiarity of being above
allows substantial centralization
of the flywheel masses ie crankshaft
with plates or change that come to
find very close to the rider's body
the theoretical advantages of this solution
the part is manifold first
more solid than the motor, ie the base
acts as an element stressed by
chassis by reducing the chassis to just a few
steel tubes the reversal of the
engine allows you to use a
swingarm in this case in fiber
very long carbon thus improving the
traction the cylinders thus turned are
completely exposed to the air
optimizing cooling
finally this architecture allows to
raise the displacement a lot
obtaining relevant performance without
stress the mechanics
in fact we talk about 200 horses of
power and over 190 newton meters of
maximum torque
but dynamically how it works a lot
well we have to admit we tried
the nimbus 32 on the track and we have it
made pleasant sensations
the engine with a lot of torque from the most
low rpm is elastic and done
except for a hinton irregularity e
2,500 rpm due to a mapping from
final and also linear
all
in the curves the bike is rather
manageable and quick even in the changes of
direction
excellent traction on exit of curve e
the stability known painful the price there
nembo 32 will be built only on
commission and will cost the beauty of 320
thousand euros